San Francisco’s Noise Pop Festival 2025: Lineup, tickets and more
The Noise Pop Festival is back for its 32nd edition in San Francisco, transforming the city into a vibrant hub for independent music and arts. Running for 11 days from Thursday, Feb. 20, through March 2, this year’s festival expands to over 160 bands and more than 80 events across 25 venues. 

Noise Pop is one of the last remaining independent arts festivals of its kind, celebrating music, film and local culture with unforgettable performances and events.In 2025, the Noise Pop Festival will grow bigger than ever, combining a wide array of musical performances, immersive cultural experiences and exclusive events to highlight the local Bay Area scene alongside major national acts. 

The festival will host headliners like St. Vincent, Benjamin Gibbard, Soccer Mommy, American Football, Earl Sweatshirt, Danny Brown, DIIV, plus the return of indie rockers the American Analog Set, performing their first West Coast date in 20 years. 

The festival will also feature the first-ever partnership with KEXP to bring “Live on KEXP” broadcasts to the Bay Area.

Local talent is a core part of the festival’s identity, with over 50 newly announced Bay Area acts sharing the stage with global headliners. This year’s roster includes acts like Oakland blues singer Fantastic Negrito, San Francisco rock band Flamin’ Groovies and San Francisco shoegaze group Seablite.

Check the Noise Pop website for the complete list of artists performing. What are the can’t-miss events?
More Information
Noise Pop Festival 2025: Thursday, Feb. 20. Through March 2. Tickets to individual shows and events are available, some free. Festival badges start at $289. Various San Francisco venues. www.noisepopfest.com

Official Pre-Party at NightLife (Feb. 20): Kick off the festival with a groovy performance by DāM-FunK at the California Academy of Sciences.

Advertisement

Article continues below this ad


Red Room Orchestra: A Tribute to David Lynch (Feb. 19): A one-night-only tribute concert at Great American Music Hall celebrating the iconic works of David Lynch, featuring an all-star lineup and benefiting “Twin Peaks” actor Carel Struycken after he lost his home in the Los Angeles fires.

Bender’s Bar & Grill Happy Hours: Daily happy hour performances from local favorites such as Fake Your Own Death, Town Bully and Loco Tranquilo.

KEXP Live Sessions (Feb. 24-28): KEXP will broadcast exclusive in-studio performances and interviews from Bay Area artists and festival acts.

Kilowatt Takeover: Power-pop legend Paul Collins takes over for two nights (Feb. 21-22) with more must-see shows from Uncle Chris (Feb. 23), the Futurelics (Feb. 26) and others.

SF Music Week Industry Summit (Feb. 28): Learn from industry leaders at Swedish American Hall as top names discuss the future of music in San Francisco.

SF Music Week Artist Development Day (March 1): A day of workshops, one-on-one consultations and panels for emerging artists looking to expand their careers.

Rapper Earl Sweatshirt is among the performers headed to the 2025 Noise Pop Festival in San Francisco.
Rapper Earl Sweatshirt is among the performers headed to the 2025 Noise Pop Festival in San Francisco.

Jim Bennett/Getty Images
Where to catch the action?
Noise Pop will take place at more than 25 venues throughout San Francisco, providing an array of intimate settings for fans to enjoy. 

Performances will be held at spots like the Great American Music Hall, Bottom of the Hill, the Chapel, Rickshaw Stop, Kilowatt, Public Works and the SFJazz Center, with many more venues participating throughout the festival. 

The festival offers a chance for music fans to enjoy intimate settings without typical festival inconveniences. But given the number of events and locations, planning ahead is key to ensuring you don’t miss out on the action. 

Soccer Mommy is among the performers headed to the 2025 Noise Pop Festival in San Francisco.
Soccer Mommy is among the performers headed to the 2025 Noise Pop Festival in San Francisco.

Tibrina Hobson/Getty Images
How to navigate Noise Pop 2025?
To make the most of your Noise Pop experience, consider purchasing a festival badge, which provides access to all general admission shows and exclusive events. Prices for badges are $235-$455. 

For those looking to attend specific events, single tickets are also available, but be sure to secure them early, as some shows may sell out quickly. 

Tickets are now on sale at www.noisepopfest.com.

Thanks to ride-hailing services, expanded bike lanes, and rental bikes and scooters, getting around town is now more convenient than when the festival started in 1993. If you miss a show or two, there’s always the next night.
